# Text Summarizer Web Extension

This browser extension allows users to summarize selected text on web pages. Built using [CRXJS](https://crxjs.dev/), it leverages the Hugging Face model `facebook/bart-large-cnn` for generating concise and accurate summaries.


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ac51f2f-a4bf-48b1-a697-3ef02b65dbd0






## Features
- Summarize selected text from web pages.
- Efficient and easy-to-use interface.
- Built with modern web technologies for compatibility and performance.

## Technology Stack
- **CRXJS**: Used for building the Chrome extension.
- **Hugging Face**: Powered by the `facebook/bart-large-cnn` model for text summarization.
- **Vite**: Bundler for fast builds and development.

## Installation and Usage

### Prerequisites
Ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js (>= 16.x)
- npm (or yarn)

### Steps to Use

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MaxAnii/Brevity
   cd Brevity
   ```
2. ****Install Dependencies** Install all the required packages:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. ****Add API Key** Add your Hugging Face API key to the environment configuration. Create a `.env` file in the root of the project and include:**
   ```bash
   VITE_SUMMERIZE_TOKEN=<your_api_key>
   ```
4. **Build the Extension**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

5. **Load the Extension in Your Browser**
   1. Open your browser and navigate to `chrome://extensions/` (or `edge://extensions/` for Microsoft Edge).
   2. Enable "Developer Mode" (toggle in the top-right corner).
   3. Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` folder from the project directory.

6. **Start Using the Extension**
   - Highlight any text on a webpage.
   - Right-click and select the "Summarize Text" option.
   - View the summary generated by the extension.

### Contributing

Feel free to fork this repository, create a feature branch, and submit a pull request with your contributions. Bug reports and feature suggestions are welcome!


## Acknowledgments

- [CRXJS](https://crxjs.dev/) for simplifying Chrome extension development.
- [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/) for providing robust NLP models.
